Wow Chuchu
You are amazing
Can find Fan Dasen so handsome
Such a rich man
How can there be?
We have always been truly in love
Chuchu hahahaha
When we were in college
Why didn't I know you were truly in love?
Ahahahaha
Prince soup you
I'll go back first
I'll come to the wedding tomorrow, okay?
Bye bye, pay attention to safety on the road
Old classmates don't call me when they get engaged
After all, I made your marriage
If I hadn't told you that Van Dasen is rich
You go after him?
We two are truly in love, hahaha.
Come on, pretend to be pure
innocent
Just your little trick is enough to make a movie of Fan Dasen
Still want to lie to me
Well, I've seen a lot of women like you
What do you want?
Just say give me an invitation
Let me go to tomorrow's engagement
Impossible, I can also ask Fan Dasen for this invitation
Don't you worry about what I say to him?
Hey
Humph
Don't worry, I just want to get engaged
Just meet more rich people at the ceremony
I don't talk nonsense.
Of course, I'm a little low on cash right now.
Ask you to borrow some money for an emergency
Guaranteed last time
Take the money and get out of here
You can come to the engagement party tomorrow
Keep your mouth shut for me
That's a lot of money.